1 - Git account Administrator : Managing the comapny git acoount for all user (Developer ,Tester etc.) and alowing
    him for any project or any module. Crating new user when someone is joing company and deletion of the user during
    His contract end with company.

    Giving support to new developer when someone joing in team and dont know the procedue and all related to code push &
    Pull from centrol/remote repository or merging the code , cerating the new barnch by CLI , Tagging of code etc. 

2- Jenkins account Administartor for all projects : Managing the all user database in jenkins and hadling day to day
   Automation related task from multiple projects. User creation and deletion for any user is managing by me with the
   Help of Role and base.

3- Making and manintaning CI/CD Job for developer code for new projects. By CD we are making build and then string the binaries
   In jenskins server and then making CD for our local QA environment for code testing etc. We are using ansible here for code
   Deployement from one machine to other machine or source to destination.

4- I am resposible to make and configure jenkins server , Git server and ansible server in the time of new project starting.

5- Here we have one project where we are using docker and kubernetes for deplyement. We are using amazone s3 bucket where we are
   Store imgaes of microservices etc. We are using ECR concept here and managing day to day activity.

   We are using docker to cerate new invironment as per requirement. Also we have 4 kubernates cluseter for 2 projects. one for dev
   and second one for qa.

6- Some time when there is no task reated to do automation on devops releated work i am helping opeation team and coordinating with
   developer team for fully automation and all.

7- In daily or weekly basis i have to deploy the release for the client. In few projects this is fully automated bu for few projects
   Where security is more than work we are coping the binaries to customer testbed and then deployung the same to pre prod and production
   Environment. We are using configmap in qubernaties for some updates etc.
 